crear mapa
crear mapa
crear jugadores jugadores.csv
crear Gondorff AZUL
crear JT VERDE
asignar paises paises.csv
asignar misiones misiones.csv
crear JT CYAN
asignar paises paises.csv
asignar mision Hooker M32
asignar paises paises.csv
asignar pais Gondorff Rusia
repartir ejercitos 8 Alaska
repartir ejercitos 5 Groenlan
repartir ejercitos 5 Urales
repartir ejercitos 3 Quebec
repartir ejercitos 7 Ontario
acabar turno
repartir ejercitos 10 Venezuela
repartir ejercitos 5 ANorte
repartir ejercitos 6 Egipto
repartir ejercitos 5 India
acabar turno
repartir ejercitos 15 Indonesia
repartir ejercitos 6 NGuinea
acabar turno
repartir ejercitos 4 Islandia
describir pais USAEste
atacar Ontario 5x1x1 USAEste 4
describir pais USAEste
describir pais Ontario
rearmar Alaska 4 Alberta
asignar carta Infantería&Alaska
atacar GBretaña 3 EurSur 4
acabar turno
describir jugador Gondorff
describir continente AméricaNorte